Update NFC library (#633)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nfc/CHANGELOG.rst

 * Fixed handling R(NAK) frame after sending R(ACK) frame.
   The Tag should respond with last transmitted R(ACK) frame.

>  * Fixed race condition when the WTX frame is scheduled and library tries to send data chunk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Fixed the race condition that appeared when the WTX frame is scheduled and the library tries to send a data chunk.
```

Reviewer 2: Done

>  * Fixed the race condition that occurred when the WTX frame is scheduled and the library tries to send a data chunk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Fixed the race condition that occurred when the WTX frame was scheduled and the library tried to send a data chunk.
```

Reviewer: Sorry, I should have noticed this earlier.

Reviewer: Mia will fix this in https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib/pull/642.

Reviewer 3: Fixed now.

>  * Fixed possible memory overwrite in the NFC T4T library when the Reader device sends an incorrect APDU Update command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Fixed a possible memory overwrite in the :ref:`lib_nfc_t4` library when the reader device sends an incorrect APDU Update command.
```

Reviewer: Or should the link rather go to https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrfxlib/nfc/doc/type_4_tag.html? If yes, then :ref:`type_4_tag`.
